but it really doesn't matter with me now
because I've been to the mountaintop
between 11:00 and 1:00 o'clock
today a jury of 12 men and women have
the hearing proof for nearly a month
decided that there was a conspiracy to
kill Martin Luther King that involved
Loyd Jowers a local man as well as other
unknown co-conspirators associated with
the Memphis Police Department state of
Tennessee in the government of the
United States that's what the jury
actually held that's what they actually
known today anyone who has questioned
you know whether the truth would come
out I think this is you know this is
again the last form of democracy that's
still alive where you have independent
jurors rendering a verdict so we're very
happy